MC-397 & MC-453 - Rest - New Connection Input - Fail on Error (#892)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rest/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.1.0 - Add optional input - Fail on Error to connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.1.0 - Add ability for user to choose if the plugin should fail on standard HTTP error codes
```
